Chapter 1: Part 1
Your Story

What was your childhood like overall? 

My name is Rinalds Henrijs Dērics. So I grew up in Riga, Latvia and I had a good peaceful and playful childhood I had both of my parents and they were loving and both of my grandparents. I used to play a lot with my cars in Kindergarten and I always tried the fasted at anything whether it was putting on clothes or shoes or being some place first I liked the competition, though it was only Kindergarten were I was first most of the time, when school (Rīgas 64. vidusskola) started I couldn't really keep up and stopped caring about being first then it was just being better than average. I went to singing lessons when I was young and move to choir when school started and overall I had 8 years or singing experience, but I wasn't a big fan of singing so I quit and wasn't too good at it either and didn't learn the lyrics I just sang with the group, my mother put me in singing because she didn't want to send me to speech therapist, because I couldn't say the letter r and it worked her plan. I also went to art school for like a year I liked it because of the teacher, but at school art wasn't my favorite I'd rather do wood cutting or metal works or cooking food I really enjoyed that. I was quite good at math, but I am terrible at learning new languages. I have only learned English and Latvian, I was learning German for 5 years in school and Russian for 4 years with a private teacher and also tried duolingo I learned how to read and write in Russian, but never learned to understand it and with German same thing. I went to Judo for 5 years I liked it because of how physical it was on the muscles, I always went to trainings, but skipped the competitions, because I guess I was scared or thought I just like training for the training sake, but after 3 years I went to my first competition and I enjoyed it I learn a lot more than in the training sessions, even though I got last I sill got a medal and that was my only judo medal and I also never went up in belts, I mostly enjoyed the training sessions. Then while I was sill doing judo I started volleyball and I enjoyed that because it was learning something new at first I sucked but then got better and eventually quit judo, because I had to make time for volleyball, but compared to judo, volleyball was much easier physically, which I wasn't the biggest fan of but I like the sport, I went to many competitions got many medals, but I was one of the worse players in our group so I mostly sat on the bench, but our group was at such a high level it was the best one in Latvia so I was still better than most volleyball players, but I knew I didn't really want to do this competitively. I wanted to keep volleyball fun, but with how competitive it was it became not fun and just I couldn't keep playing it so I said I will finish the year and then quit and then I will have more time to go to gym, that was the time I started going to the gym at 15/16 years old, so I did just that, in total 5 years of volleyball experience. I then my new focus was the gym, so I went to the gym almost everyday for the first 2 years, maybe some weekend days I couldn't go since I was with my parents in Cēsis in my country house. And helping my parents with wood cutting with the axe or saw, making fire to heat the house and other chores, but I liked doing them I enjoyed it. Also to concrete the floor, even the garden dirt, build stuff and so on. But back to the gym I really enjoyed it and I love the feeling of when my muscle ached and seeing the progress in the mirror I felt like I was putting on muscle so fast, I felt weird, because my body wasn't adapting fast enough I outgrew my shirts very quickly and I love learning everything about the gym what are the most optimal exercises, splits for each muscle, watching people like Jeff Nipard, Mike Thuston, Alex Eubank, Tren Twins and more. And this fire was lit inside of me when I first got in a relationship with a girl I really loved. I was living my best life on clouds and each time I got angry of frustrated with her I just went to gym even if it was at night because it was a 24/7 gym. And then after 6 months at the end of summer she broke up with me. And it just broke me and lit and fire of just I will be better, I am not good enough and I put all this energy in the gym I sometimes, went to the gym 3 times in on day, because I just needed it. And every time I finished my session I felt soo good like on clouds the walk to my home with my headphones and barely being able to walk down the stairs after a leg days, was the best feeling. And that kept going on for the first 2 years an then I got a job a gym working administration. And my time was harder to manage since I had technical school (Rīgas Tehniskā koledža) learning to be a computer system technician. And after school I had my job straight after so I could only work out in days were I didn't have work, So I worked out maybe 2 to 3 times a week. And still got better and today I have 4 years in gym experience.

What was your family's financial situation like during your upbringing? 

We lived/still live in a middle class apartment in Riga, Purvciems with 3 rooms and it was quite comfortable for me I had my own room that I shared with my brother, two bathrooms, kitchen, living room and two corridors and the parents bedroom. We also had a summer house near Ādaži in Upmalas and it was quite small but cozy with a sauna, outside dry toilet and one dry toilet inside, it was nice celebrating my birthdays there. But we also have a courtry house in Cēsis, that is quite big with many houses there, but it is split between my grandpa and his brother, but since my grandpa is in nursing home because he has dementia my father own most of it now. And the houses there were build by my grandgrandpa. but during my childhood and still now we are/my parents are improving the place. And it the place were I now celebrate my birthdays, because it has a sauna and a jacuzzi and the main house has 3 bedrooms and the guest house has beds to sleep and the garden house also has a double bed. So many people can be here without much of a problem.  The main house has a kitchen and 1 bathroom and 1 toilet. And the guest house has 1 kitchen and near the garden house 1 dry toilet. also we have a wood barn. And a recently mad wood garage for the tractor and many tools and stuff. There is also a metal garage and another wood garage for my father old school bikes iž jupiter and delta. and another spot for tools and then a big barn for animals, but that isn't ours it is to the other family living there (my grandpas brothers family). And my mother is making many gardens around the place for fruits, vegetables, berries and flowers. Also the main house has an upper story and some more rooms that we don't own and some more land that is the other families. and we have 2 basements that we use. And I broke my trampoline a few weeks ago. Overall I love the place, but I couldn't live there it is just a weekend place in my opinion. It is in the middle of the forest and to get to the main city of Cēsis it is about 3km. We also had another place in Olaine from my mothers side grandparents but they sold it and bought my grandma an apartment in Purvciems. We also have another apartment in Purvciems that my fathers side grandma used to live in but she is dead so my brother lives there now. And my mothers side grandpa was a good man but his is also dead. And my grandma from my mothers side is the best person on earth, always gives more to everybody else then herself, very kind and loving, love her. there is also my mothers brothers family that we are quite close to and they have a nice house too, but it isn't ours. My room had a computer that i had to split with my brother. We did have some fights in our childhood, but now we are best buddies I love my brother and he loves me too. When I was young I had to live of my parents and around 4th or 3rd grade I started getting my allowance which was 10€/month. And I was quite happy with that. Before that I used to go live with my grandma and we went to the beach and she used to buy us anything we wanted, that was fun. Living of the 10€ was mostly for some snacks that I wanted, but if I needed money I could always ask my parents, but I never liked asking them for anything, it was only rare occasions maybe if I wanted to go to a small theme park or some stuff like that I asked other than that I figured how to budget myself. And I also profited when they asked me to go to the store I to a small cut of the change they let me keep. At some point my allowance grew to 30€/month and when I started going to Technical school after 9th grade it grew to 80€/month since at the school we had to pay for our own food, rather than before it was free. Also the school pays me and scholarship allowance according to my grades, which I got high enough to get the max amount of money. But my expenses some how kept on growing and I also got a car so I got a job at the gym and before that I worked in a gardening company not officially but they paid 6€/hour so in a day I could make 50€ and the gym I am working at now also pays a similar amount but it is a bit less since taxes. But I also worked some other places in construction and stage loading and unloading at stagecrew and I also went to England to drop charity bags for 2 months and they payed well, but I kinda have already spent most of it on my car, my girlfriend, stuff for me, and also a trip to Malta.

Add 3 photos of your childhood home, neighborhood, or places that represent where you grew up. 

I could find any photos that show the neighbourhood, but these photos represent me and my childhood perfectly. The one were I am on the red rails in a playground represent my childhood and that is the place where I spent a lot of my time either with friends or alone just climbing playing games like the blind chicken where one had to be bilnd folded and touch someone and say higher than the ground whenever he felt like it and if you were on the sand you were the next one who seeks and are eliminated. And I always found a way around that game were I wouldn't touch the ground but the seeker couldn't get to me. And also in that playground is were I trained my climbing skills and got stronger more agile and had a lot of my fun. The other photo is at my 9th grade graduation at my school with my first girlfriend who I loved a lot. And did many fun things like go to the trampoline park and he showed me what true love is. And when she broke up with me it broke me and at the same time lit a fire inside me that I will never ever be the same weak minded and as well physically person and I will get stronger and better no matter what and nobody will stop me. And that fire is still somewhere inside me, but not as potent as it was then and I sometime wish that I would feel that same feeling when some other of my girlfriend brakes up with me but it has never been the same feeling after her, I have had 5 other girlfriends since then and I have become a much better person, but I have never felt the same as I felt with her and before her I rejected about 3 girls, 1 girls directly and 2 indirectly, because the one I directly rejected I felt she gave me crazy ex vibe even though I had never been in a relationship and the 2 other girls I liked but I was to scared to say anything they just gave me hints that they liked me. But yeah I am very grateful of my first girlfriend who made me who I am and I have no hate towards her and I am glad she broke up with me to make me who I am. And the last photo is me in the gym with my close friends that I went to the gym with and who also made me who I am. With them I had the best memories and still they are my friends to this day especially the one on the right he is my friend from kindergarten and I've experienced so many things with him and he is my best friend from my childhood and still kinda is but we don't talk as much as we did before he is still one of my dearest friends. The next one is one who I spent a lot of time with on the computer and played many games together and had so much fun and learned a lot in those games with him and in a way those skills from games translate into real life, but I still love to game with him games like Roblox and Minecraft. And the one on the left is also a close friend he taught me a lot about life and how to experience it and many things about girls and just more of the real life experiences. And this photo is great way to represent my childhood and the beginning of my gym training in Lemon gym us all shirtless showing our physiques. And together all these photos make make me the person who I am, of course there is more than just these photos, but these are for sure the core.

What were you told about yourself growing up? 

That I am smart, good looking, good at many things, lazy, but also hard working, organized, like things clean and in their spot, routine is best for me to make progress. I am kind, positive - this I took from my grandma. That I can do anything I put my mind to. With unlimited potential, just me and my mind is the on that puts limits on me. I told myself that I will never be good enough as gym motivation. But now a days I think I am good enough and I have money, but none the less I still need to be better and make more money. I have an aesthetics body and I am a bit better than the average in most things, but I know that were I might be better than average in most thing I am not the best and also not the worse in things that I am bad at. But it is hard to tell whether I have one thing that I excel at and that I could be the best at because I know that to make a lot of money you have to be the best a one thing rather than be good at many things which is me I might be good at many thing but I am not the best at one single thing.

What significant events and challenging experiences from your past (childhood through present) have shaped who you are today? 

Hard to say the most significant things, because there are so many I don't know what to begin with. But I guess the fun and peaceful childhood I had, I was protected from the harsh world as a kid and I learned thing when they needed to be learned at a slow pace so that didn't give me any trauma. So the only emotional events I can think of are when my grandpa died from the mother side and when my first girlfriend left me. About the girlfriend I already told you so about my grandpa, he was a hard working man, who was well educated and with his skills he made a lot of money and an electrician. So he sponsored my parents house that I lived my whole childhood and he taught me many things about craftsmanship of creating thing like from wood with nails and screws and even taught me how to crate my own small catapult. Even when he was sick in the hospital he went to work when he should have been resting, he wanted to give as much to my grandma so he still went to work and she couldn't stop him and he died next to her with a heavy breath. Also I can talk about the gym with my gym buddy who went went to the gym most of the time together and we together held each other accountable when I didn't want to go he said lets go and I went I that goes both ways. But then he got a job earlier than me and stopped going to the gym because his work was very physical and he didn't have the strength to go so I didn't see him a while and when I first saw him he was so much skinnier than before I was a bit shook but  okay that is his choice, but I won't allow myself to get to that point I always want to be in shape. Even when he stopped I still went solo and when I got a job I still went, even though much less I still never became skinny again I always got stronger. Because at his prime he was a smaller guy than me weighing at 60-65kg were I was 80kg I barely could do 80kg when he could do 120kg on the bench press, which is crazy to me how he got so strong so quickly and surpassed even me. Since we both were training the same-ish. I guess he did like the bench press a bit more than me so he did do it more than me but I was training more optimally for aesthetics and hit all my muscles evenly were as he sometimes skipped leg day or some accessory movements as I call them since I did the big muscle groups first like chest and then moved on to accessory movements like shoulders and triceps. He never skipped chest day but leg day is a slight different story. I didn't skip leg day because I told myself that if I train legs now I won't have to train them later in the future as much even though I know I still will need to train them it worked since if I work harder now I won't have to work as hard in the future. But once I got a job I also started skipping leg days a bit, but I still did them once in a while, but now I don't do ppl anymore I move to a full body split since I don't go to the gym everyday anymore to workout, I go to the gym as my job, but not to work out. And this skipping the gym also happened with 2 of my other friends and then the gym trend kind of fell of and I feel like I am the only one left who is in great shape, but that is not true still some of my other friends are still in great shape, but I am just slightly in better shape, but they might be stronger than me in some lifts, but that is fine I have stopped going for pr as much as I did before where every week or month I did a new pr.


Chapter 1: Part 2
Your Story

Add a photo that represents a significant moment, achievement, or turning point from your past:

This photo represents me finishing running a half marathon and showing my medal. But the bigger story is I wanted to run a marathon inspired by Iman since he ran 3 back to back marathons I though well I should be able to run one as well so I was 17 years old and i signed up to run a marathon, but since I wasn't 18 years old the didn't let me run the marathon and gave me a half marathon for free that year and the next year I would be able to run the marathon I signed up for and payed for. And keep and mind I had about 4 months to train for the half marathon which I at the point I wanted to run the full marathon when I didn't even start training. So I started training by running once a week or every other week 5km and that was my whole training. So then I ran the half marathon and it was a hot sunny day and I felt fantastic and it was quite hard but it was a vibe with all the people cheering and the other runners were so friendly and I ran quite slow at the beginning and with speeding up later and near the finish I felt like I was passing everybody, then went a bit slower again and then sped up again and then finished got my medal and ate my nuts and musli bars they gave and drank my water also I loved the gels that I could eat a the half way point. But anyways it was a bit harder mentally than i thought seeing the 10km people already finishing I still needed to run double. So I am glad they didn't let me do the whole marathon. That was in May then September I ran another half marathon with two of my friends. And I was really impressed by my friend since he passed me near the finish I couldn't keep up with him anymore. But then I knew I had to run the full marathon but I didn't train for a while only when it was nearing the start of the full marathon I started training but still just once a week or every other week and I started with the same 5km and then each time added a bit more distance at the end I ran 10km about 2 or 3 times. And so fast forward to the day before the marathon I could get inside my house my keys weren't working so I had to call the door sos to open my door and change the lock. So I slept about 5 hours and then needed to go to the spot of the marathon and parked 2km from the running spot, gave them my bag and started running the first 16km were like butter, but then I started getting cramps and I couldn't run anymore so I walked then refuled at the stations ate like 5 bananas 2 oranges and started running again, then walked again, then ran and so on till I got to the finish line, I was mentally drained my legs were dead I was walking like a crippled man I took my medal and the musli bars and nuts went to take my bags then drop them in my bag then limbed to my car 2km also the whole time of the marathon and after it was raining and when I got to my car I opened the bag and realised they gave me the wrong bag so I had to walk the whole 2km back to get my back since my car keys were in the bag and then back to the car, it was so mentally draining and hard. Then after the marathon I took a warm bath and went to sleep. And in august I randomly woke up and I barely could walk my feet were in so much pain, but this is not from the marathon it is 4 months after. and then it evolved my whole groin started to hurt then my knees I went to the doctors to figure out what was wrong with me and it took about 3 or 4 months to figure out that I had arthritis, then they put me on meds and in 3 months I was back to normal, the pain was so much it even hit my pain scale 10 at points and my pain scale is high like everyday walking crippled it was a 4 but there were points of when it got to a 8 or 9 and some days it was just so bad it even hit a 10. So my plan was to go to the army this year so I signed up but I didn't fit their criteria since I had arthritis and they also thought I had a flat foot even though I know I don't have a flat foot from the orthopedist and I am back to normal nothing hurts, but I am totally fine I get to save 1 year and start university faster. Since this year I will be finishing my Technical collage and I also started getting my trainers license C category.


What was your educational and early career path like? 

So I went to kindergarten at Rigas 244. pirmsskolas izglitības iestāde, then at school I went to 64. vidusskola, till 9th grade, then I wanted to keep learning there but I didn't even get on the reserve list from my exam results, so I was very disappointed and sad, because my exam results weren't bad they were quite average like a 7 in maths and a 9 in Engilsh and a 6 in Latvian and a 5 in history. Okay so I thought I guess I can go to a Technical school since with that I could get a speciality with just 1 year extra and they would pay me a scholarship so I picked the Rīgas Tehniskā koledža I the more I though about it it just made sense and I picked the computer system technician, because I like computers and I thought it would be interesting. But then the 64. vidusskola called me, when I had already put in my papers in the Technical school and said I got in, but by then I had made my mind and declined them. Okay enough about schools now jobs I used to help my parents with stuff and the sometimes payed me meaning my dad because he is the bread winner. But then on my grandpas birthday I met a lady in her years quite old, but she said she has a company in gardening and there are people like me who work there, so I thought that would be a great spot to work as a first job, so my brother went and I went to work there few months after. Did stuff like dirt shoveling, moving flowers, landscaping, planting thujas trees/Arborvitaes in many houses it was hard work in sunny hot days, but the pay was good for me 6€/hour on hand not paying taxes. Then I got a job at MyFitness working as an administrator also 6€/hour but it is official so I pay taxes and it is less physical plus more flexible. I also have through my school praxis in Eiropas Servisa Certrs and there I installed printers to many clients and utilized printer and computer parts and also installed software into computers like Windows and some other stuff. I also have worked in StageCrew loading and deloading stages for OneRepublic and Zara Larson. I also have worked in construction as a helping hand carrying plaster casts to the sixth floor and other things, but they pay well about 12€/hour. Then I also went to England, Mansfield for 2 months and worked dropping charity bags in to post boxes and they payed well per 1000 charity bag it was 100€ and so everyday I walked about 20-30km and dropped from 500-1500 bags. It was hard but worth it, but I did spend most of it on a trip to Malta for a week. And repairing my car and stuff. So I have worked in Myfitness for 1 year and 2 months and Eiropas Servisa Centrs about 1 year if you put it on paper approximately I don't think it is needed to go into specifics. Now I am learning to get my trainers license c category in Sporta Izglītības aģentūra. I have tried about 4 dropshipping stores were I tried to sell household products, car accerssories and my honey and at the moment I have closed my stores, but I did get a few sales, but never really got it to be profitable I mostly lost money, but I learn a lot about shopify and store creations and many specifics and marketing about facebook ads I also took a course on marketing but it was too expensive for me so I dropped it it was 250€/month I did it for 3 months and dropped it. I did learn a bit about doing ad campaigns on facebooks and creating compelling ad creatives, but the editing part was never my favorite, I can edit and at a decent, but nowhere near the best level and recording I can record, but generating the ideas is hard for me. So I did the dropshipping store for about a year with a friend of mine and I wanted to keep going, because I think it could succeed, but I just can't afford to keep paying for the ads and losing money. I also did some research on google, snapchat, tiktok ads, but I only ran a bit of tiktok ads didn't get to a point of running the other ones. I have gone to a few business mentor conferences and networked with a few people and have learned many things, but at this point in time I feel as though I am learning for the fun of it rather the the usefulness of it so I feel it is finally time to do rather than learn and build my own thing.

Who have been the most influential people in your life that you know personally?

My dad Agris - works hard, doesn't complain, always does what he says, makes money, has good social skills with being diplomatic and avoiding arguments, is handy and know a lot about many different skills necessary to fix or build things.
My grandma Jautrīte - is super kind, positive, very giving, always gives more than she takes for herself, never swears, kindhearted, is the best person on earth.
My first girlfriend Viktorija but she likes calling her Vika - talking about how she was when I was with her - cute, kind, playful, with a warm heart, energetic.
My first Myfitness boss Viktorija - positive, hard working, never complains, always has a smile on her, even though on the inside there might be a lot of stress and problems piling up, always willing to help, super energetic.
My Friends - Fun to be around, have taught me many things about life, made me who I am from a certain viewpoint, made many fun memories with them.
My DIY school teacher Lauris Oga - he taught me about creating things from wood, metal and cooking and it was very fun.

What has been the most significant life change or transition you've experienced in recent years? 

Getting arthritis - that was a tough time for me after I ran the marathon. Getting rejected from the army, because of it, although I am actually quite happy about that, since I get to save a year. But overall I wouldn't say there has been too much change, I mean few year back when I really locked in a focused on myself I haven't really been as much around my friends, which has made my life a bit more boring, but I have learned many things, but I still feel a bit useless since I don't got much to show for it and I feel as though I should be doing more meaningful things that bring me money, but I guess that is just a fairy dream at the moment, but I know I will get there in time. Patience is key.

What patterns do you notice repeating in your life? 

Money problems, that is a given not always I have all the money I would want to buy all the things or experiences I want, but I know that that is just a mental idea, because if I make more money then I will want more expensive things and it is a never ending cycle, so the goal is just to save/invest more than I make, that is the real idea to what real wealth looks like is keeping more than I spend and than it is just exponential growth from that single habit, because whether its 10 euros or 1 thousand euros or 1 million euros, you can spend all of it in a single day and I might think that if I had a million dollars I would do that and that I won't spend it all, but to be frankly honest I am not sure if I would spend it all ideally I should just put it in a s&p 500 and live off of dividends, but it is tempting to buy many things, but I do think truly that I won't spend it all but who knows for sure, because there is a spending mindset and there is a investor mindset, the spender might think what is the best way to spend all this money to get the most of it and an investor would think what is the best way to invest this money to make more money and to be honest I am somewhere in the middle at the moment, but I am trying to transition to the investor mindset, but at the same time I want to be having fun and if I just mad more money with more money I would be in this infinite cycle of never feeling I have earned to spend my money. So I think were as I understand the concept I still have to get the money before living this realization, because I need money ether way, but I'd rather be rich and realize it, than broke and realize that I still need money.
My relationships are going as planed, but I keep getting too comfortable, when I have been with her for a while, because I can and I know she won't leave me so I can do what ever I want, but it isn't helping me grow. Spending time with her and feeling good, but I don't know how to balance it me working and growing and enjoying time with her, so this keeps coming back and when I lose sight of my goals either I don't feel fulfilled or she breaks up with me or whatever either way I can't lose sight of my goals. I have to keep working towards them, but it's hard to find a balance and to work when I am with her it is much easier when she is not around to work, but I need a bit of time to get me going and when I get going I meet up with her and lose my momentum again, so that is one problem that I haven't fixed yet as well.
I keep learning, but I can never seem to stick to one business and I know that is holding me back, since I know if I stick to my workouts and eat healthy I feel good and look good and I have no problem doing that, but when it comes to business I struggle to keep consistent and with work and school also I have no problem being consistent, but somehow the thing I want most I can't stick to. I tried dropshipping and I did run some ad campaigns but ran out of money and never got it to be profitable, but I did make some sales, but I know the ads were bad and if I just improved the ads there was a chance of it working, but I just don't really like filming or editing I like all the other stuff but the making video part is hard for me and yeah I can find work arounds like find somebody who does that part, but I haven't found somebody who does it well and consistent without my help and I don't want to pay anybody, since I don't have enough capital to work with and sure if I got the money I guess I could figure it out, but at the moment, then easiest way to acquire that money would be through work and that takes time so in time I know I will succeed, but I need to focus on what I can do at the moment and so I see digital product might be a way to do that since they don't require as much capital, also another work around would be AI ads, but to be fair many people say they are amazing, but I think they are bad and cost money so I did try them and got a few sales, but I can't keep running ads and losing money, so this is another problem that keeps coming back, and sure I could do organic content and it would work theoretically, but again I struggle to stay consistent with making videos and I know I should just make a youtube channel and post regularly, but I have so many things I have to do like school, then another school of getting my trainers license and applying to high school and writing this and my girlfriend, my family, my friends, the gym, my work and also relaxing, and watching youtube, playing games, tiktok, intagram, anime, tv shows. Everybody wants my attention I know I have to get my priorities straight and stop all this nonsense that is wasting my time, but it is not that simple, since it is a habit ingrained in me and I tried a few times to quit it but failed to do it for a long enough time, so this is another problem I haven't solved.


Chapter 2: Part 1
Current Self

How would you describe yourself right now in three sentences or less? 

I am a intelligent person with discipline and a will to learn anything that is necessary for any kind of work. I am fit with an aesthetic body and go to the gym regularly, I work hard and love to learn new things. I am a positive person and always like to be optimistic about thing, because if everything sucks, it can always be worse and it is worse for some people, so I always find a way to think about the positive things whether being stuck in shit or not, because what you think, becomes what you do and what you do becomes a habit, and a habit creates character and character is who you are so if you think positive your life becomes positive.

Where do you currently live, and what is your living situation like? 

I live in Latvia, Rīga, Purvciems in a three room apartment with my parents. And I love it here its cozy, it feels like home, there is always food, a loving family, and people who will have my back, though I want to live on my own soon, because I want to feel the harsh reality of live and the expenses pilling up and having to buy my own food with my own money and cleaning my dishes and clothes, not because I want to, but because I need to if I want to be who I want to become. I can't be relying on my parents for everything, sure I know they will have my back when ever I need it, but I still need to be able to live on my own. I work in a positive work place with good people around, because I chose to work there and they are great people to be around, but I consider it as a stepping stone, because as they are great people, they don't motivate me to grow and if I spend to much time in where I am at sure I will have a happy life, but it will be a bit unfulfilled since I have big dreams and big goals. But I know it could be worse, because I have been at environments, where it is completely demotivating and mundane and I never want to make that my life, sure I might do that for a period for the sake of making money, but to make it my life sounds like a nightmare. But also a big factor on my mood is sleep, the food I eat and whether I have had a workout in the past 3 days if any of those things fall out of place I fell like shit and one more is sunlight that also effects my mood if I get a lot of sunlight I immediately feel fantastic, plus creatine also boosts my brain power and of course water, but that is a given I love water I drink lots of it.

Add a photo of your current friends, group, or the people you spend the most time with. 

I guess to be completely honest it would be my family:
My brother, mom, dad, grandma and also my girlfriend, but also my work colleagues and at the current time I haven't been around my friends as much, but I still spend time with them just not as much as before I only go to their birthdays and other parties or just meet ups, sometimes we go out car riding, but yeah I love my friend I just sometimes forget to spend time with them or don't want to organize or ask if I can come, but my friends I would say they motivate me to grow, but too much time becomes drinking and parties and having fun which may not be the most productive, but ether way it is still way better than if I just spent a day on social media or video games which I love to also do, but hate being unproductive so it's like the never ending cycle I talked about before. But recently I have been spending a lot of time with my girlfriend and we went on a vacation to Malta for a week and just regularly spend time watchin movies or talking or going places. Also I have spent a lot of time with my family since I live with my dad and mom, but I also go to my brother once in a while and I went to my grandma a few times too and I also spend a bit of time with my school friend that we did the dropshipping store together. But overall I am very happy with the people I hang out with I usually distance myself from people who I don't like or are too negative or I see if I spend too much time with them I will drag myself down. But I do wish I had a bit more people motivating me to grow that I personally would know and not just from places I go that cost money to learn. The photo it self isn't saying much it is just me and my mom and grandma and brother at my 9th grade graduation.

Add a photo of your family.
How do you feel about your family relationships? What role does your family play in your current life? Are these relationships close, complicated, supportive, or distant? How has your family shaped who you are today? What are the dynamics like, and how much influence do they have on your life decisions and daily experience?

Okay so the previous photo was with my family so this is the same but instead of my mom there is my dad. I love my family. Family plays a big role in my life as they are the ones that are like my back I am built on them, but mostly my journey is a solo journey they can't don much about it. The relationships are close and supportive. My family has shaped me in many ways, that I can't think about since it is all ingrained in me. The might give me their opinion, but the choice will always be mine in what I do and I am super glad of this dynamic it suit me best. 

What is your current financial situation? 

I make around 600€/month at my work place MyFitness, than as well I get 60€/month from my school and as well I get 80€/month from my dad and I do some side work as well in construction places or stage loading and that gives me around an extra 50€ per the day I work. So together give or take 800€/month but I own a car volvo v70 that eats up a lot of my cash with disel and repairs. Also my girlfriend eats up a lot of my cash too. I also invest 50€/month into my 3 level pension and 100€/month into my investments. Overall I am quite happy with my financial situation, but of course it could be better and it will be better this is just the beginning. My biggest financial priorities are to invest as much as I can and enjoy my life as much as I can while I am still young, but also keep being fit and heathy. About concerns I am worried about the future, since I know my expenses will only keep growing, so I want to make as much as possible so later money doesn't need to be a concern and I can think bigger on the bigger goals rather than just the money. I know each dollar I spend is many dollars they could have been in the future if invested, so I am quite cheap on a daily basis, but sometimes I get in a spending habit and just feel like trying things like experiences or foods or just buying things I like.

How do you currently present yourself? 

I like to look nice so I have a few outfits that I love most and they go on rotation, I wouldn't say I put that much thought into my outfits I just pick from the clothes I have colors that I think would look nice together and they in my opinion look good. But I wouldn't say I care that much about my appearance on how people see me if they insult me I laugh because I know it's not true, because there isn't much to insult. My physique speaks for it self and the clothes just add to the aesthetic depending on the place I am going, but I don't overcomplicate things, just some underpants and pants or shorts with a shirt that fits the vibe and socks and if needed a sweater and/or a jacket and sometimes some cologne, that is it. I shower to keep myself clean with body wash, shampoo and conditioner, shave my beard and groin and chest with manscaped, and brush my teeth. Just standard things everybody should be doing. I never though about what image I am trying to project on the world, but I guess if I have to think about it it would be just aesthetic, but perhaps it doesn't fully match my personality since people when they see me on social media think I am this serious guy, even tough I am this fun, gritty guy. So maybe I should smile more in my photos, but I just don't think it looks as aesthetic, but yeah perhaps its more authentic. Overall I like to like good, who doesn't and looking good makes me feel good and confident. But when I need to go some place to work where it is dirty then I just put on the outfits I like least and would care if they got dirty. Plus my mother makes me clothes since she is a designer and sower. But I like to project to the outside world that I am approachable since I am not the biggest fan on approaching but I like being approached. And each time I approach or get approached it turns in a fun experience and I learn so many things. That I wouldn't have learned otherwise.

Add a photo of yourself as you typically look on an average day 

So this is a post on my instagram, but it is how I typically look a plain t-shirt from Zara and sweatpants from Primark. I just pick which ever clothes I feel like on the day and keeping in mind where I am going. Not sure what influences how I look, but all I care about is if I like it then I wear it. Simple as that.

What are your strengths and weaknesses? 

Strengths:
Looks - I have been told by many people that I look good and I agree, because I know what I did to build this physique and sure a lot of it is genetics, maybe I got lucky and what not but I still put in the work to build my body on how I like it, because with body building you can change things about your body most people don't realize that you can, because they are not willing to put in the work, sure I can't do much about my face and that it look good, I mean I guess you still kinda can you can do mewing and skin care and just getting a hair cut and beard trimming, those are all thing you can change and I have changed to look the way I want to.
Physically strong - My pr's in the gym are 100kg bench press for 3 reps, 140kg squat 1 rep, and 160kg deadlift for 3 reps. And for being 19 years old I consider that quite strong, sure not elite or any where near the powerlifter, but it beats the average and that all I care and that I feel strong and healthy.
Intelligent - I have been told many times I am smart in an academic and real world level and I think so too I have always outsmarted the average at my age sure I may not be the smartest, since I know smarter people in their fields, but I may be smarter in some other field that their not, so it is all about how deep you go into a certain topic and how many topics you understand on a deeper level is all that intelligence is. And the more you know about something the more you understand how much deeper you can go in that certain topic and in many different ways from many different angles. The most intelligent person is just the person who has spent more time going as deep as you can and getting deeper than other people, because their level of understanding is just leveling up at a faster pace.
Charismatic/charming - I can have ways of talking to other people, to make them feel good about me as a person. Since I know my social skills may not be the best, but I can hold myself in many conversations and I have a way of letting the other person speak more than me and making them feel like they are the center of attention and that way I get to learn more by listening to what they are saying rather then speaking myself and letting them get all the knowledge, but when a topic comes that I am very interested in and know a lot about I can talk on and on about it, but most cases I am more interested in learning their opinion or what they know or they are just not interested in what I want to say and I let them talk because what is the point of explaining something to somebody who doesn't want to listen, it will just make me angry and nobody wins.
Hard to pick the last one because at first I thought hard working, but I would say more accurate would be My Curiousness - because it is not that I work hard for the sake working hard, but because it is that I am curious about the thing I am doing and the more interested I am in something the more I will learn it and work on it and I am interested in many things in most cases the thing that needs doing I will be interested in learning it and knowing how to do it and then doing it.
My Weaknesses:
My curiousness - it is also my weakness, since I am curious about so many things once I learn a thing or think that is not important anymore to me I get bored of it quite quickly, which means where I can't learn many things quickly I also can get bored of them quite quickly if it isn't speaking to me and seeming important.
The dopamine algorithm - What this means is the algorithm that social media and video games use to give me the dopamine hits and to leaving me wanting more and learning more, since I love learning new things this is a big weakness of mine these apps ore games easily drag me in a leave me wanting to learn all about the nitty gritty thing in the video games or wanting to know what's next from a tiktok or tv show. Which is a big time sink.
Perfectionism - Sometimes I get lost in the nitty, gritty small things and want everything to be perfect before launch, which makes me lose the bigger picture sometimes and sucks time away from the actual meaningful big things that need doing.
Ego - as you can see I have written many good things about me, which tells that I have a big ego and that is true, which might get in the way of seeing my weaknesses clearly. And that could become a problem if someone tells me I suck at some thing and I might not think that. But it's not that I am not a realist I do know there are many people much better than me in certain fields, which makes me jack-of-all-trades, which for some is a strength, but for other a weakness who are looking for specialized people and that is not me.
Optimism - while I love being positive for the sake of manifesting my world view, this might get in the way of being realistic in some cases, were a little more scepticism might be needed, where as I think I am a realist I may not be the ideal problem preventer.

What thoughts go through your mind on a daily basis? 

I am not doing enough or not doing the right things, but that was because I didn't see the vision, but now with AI the skill barrier is no more and the ideas just keep rolling in, but now it is just a matter of picking the one I feel fits me best and I am most interested in and doing it and sticking to it rather than just jumping from one thing to another. I believe I will become rich and it is just a matter of time, but at the same time I feel as though I am not where I want to be and I know that money isn't that big of a factor and that it all just depends on character, but I can't think differently and manifest this version of who I want to become, without actually achieving anything and thinking I am something, while having nothing to show for it. And I know it is not just about the money, but rather the ability to acquire things and accumulate wealth, but I just don't think I have that ability to the level that I want it. And as well I see my friend is such a good leader and I should learn from him to lead other so easily as he does, but I don't want to be him or have his life, but I want the ability to lead like he does, but I don't want to act the way he does. And also with another friend he is soo good at story telling and he can talk for hours about a stupid topic and make it interesting somewhat, but I don't want to be him and always talk like that I like being quiet and listen, but I want the ability to story tell like him, I mean sure I can talk about things that I enjoy for hours, but when it comes to just random stuff I get bored and rather just sit in the quiet and not put in the effort to keep the conversation going and also I don't want to talk about things that I am so motivated to talk about with a fire to somebody who doesn't want to listen and I don't want to argue to make him understand my point if he doesn't want to listen so why would I waste my passion about that topic and make myself more frustrated and agitated without no meaningful benefit so I'd just rather no talk about it and sit in the quiet or talk about stuff that doesn't matter to me, since that won't make me emotionally attached about the topic and agitate me if the other doesn't want to talk about it. Also I think that I am better than the average and am smarter and think better (whatever that means), but how can that be true if I don't have anything to show for it, okay sure I have a aesthetic body, because I trained and sculptured it the way I want it. But that is really all I can show other than that I feel as though I am no better than some average gym bro and I can think all these big things and whatever, but if I got nothing to show for it that how can I be the person that I want to be. Sure I know it is just a matter of time and I have to be patient my time will come, but still this makes me doubt myself and am I actually going to be this person who I vision myself to be or am just delusional to think that. But I guess I'd rather be delusional about my dreams, than give up and live a life of an ordinary person which I guess I wouldn't mind living, but at the same time I want to be bigger and make businesses that make me money, so money isn't a problem for me anymore and I can think bigger without having to worry about money and rather think about the things that I actually want to achieve and take on more hobbies that I find fun, while still working on the businesses, just not as a worker, because I need it, but because I enjoy it. Because I like to work, but I just feel as if I work for the sake of working and at a fixed rate I am undervaluing my potential and with a fixed rate I lose motivation since I don't see the vison or point of getting better if I am getting paid the same either way and if I work worse I even gat paid more and that to me just seems dumb, how do I get paid more to work worse than trying to be better everyday and wanting to be better to get paid more. But at the same time even if I would get a pay raise it would still be a fixed rate so even I work better to get a raise and get that raise then why work even better I guess to get another raise, but that seems just like such an out dated system to me I feel as though we need a better system for workers and I guess sure there is the 10% or 20% fixed rate for sales and then you just try and sell the most expensive thing and sure that makes sense, but what if I don't want to be in sales, not saying that is what I want, just a hypothetical in general, we need a better system for all jobs, okay sure for an receptionist there is no better way, but for many other jobs there could be a better way. If were to stick to a workers route I would want to get paid proportional to my work, for example as a product builder I build it and I would receive like 5-20% recurring revenue added to the paycheck so it would be like each worker would get a fixed rate but a percentage for the work and the business would take like 50% since it is taking the risk.


Chapter 2: Part 2
Current self

What things do you worry about in the future? 

I worry about not becoming the person who I vision myself to be. Hard to say how much of it is in my control, I would like to think most of it is in my control, but some things may be out of my control or is just a time and patience answer. Also hard to say how my worries manifest since I haven't payed much attention to it some of them make me motivated - like the fear of not being good enough, sure it may not be healthy, but it worked for a while, now more so I don't think it's that big of a fear anymore, but it does come up once in a while. Some worries make me rethink what is the point of even doing all this and just like wanting to achieve all these goals, but if I am going to die either way than what is the point, but I guess from a different perspective death is what gives meaning, because that is the end date and nobody knows when is it and sure you can do things to prolong it, but there can always be unexpected stuff that can happen and it comes sooner. But no matter I think death is what gives meaning to life, because without death there would be no meaning and I think living an immortal life would be miserable - sure at first it may be fun, but at some point you would get tired of it all seeing your close people die over and over, doing things for the sake of having fun or meaning. And when the world ends you will still be alive hypothetically if you take immortal to the extreme. I think it's nice to have a clock that is always ticking and to know you need to do things now and that can't wait for too long, sure you can wait but not for ever. It is like another motivating factor. Other than that anything about the future is just a hypothetical and doesn't need to be something to constantly worry about, sure I think you should put things in place that set you up for success, like investing or pension plans or health habits for longevity and stuff like that. But to constantly be afraid of the future I think is just putting unnecessary stress on your body for no benefit. Sure having a vision about the future and worrying about certain aspects of it is needed, but to a certain point. I don't think you should also just live without a care in the world about the future and just focus on the present, that may work for a bit but in the long term you are just setting yourself for failure with that framework "if your gonna die anyways that why would I care about my future". Delayed gratification is one of the best things there could be, but as Chris Williamson says "Bill Perkins says, "delayed gratification in the extreme results in no gratification."" 

What specific things consistently prevent you from taking action toward your goals? 

Mostly just structure and consistency and time. Because before it was knowledge and money and skill. Now with AI the knowledge and skill part doesn't exist it has been broken and the possibilities are endless it is just a matter of seeing them and acting on them. And most of them don't require that much money to do, but money is also a factor since if I want results fast then spending money like for example on ads will give me faster results or on other people to advertise my product. Sure there are work around it like creating my own audience like on social media platforms, but that takes time and consistency and at the moment I am not ready to put in the work on creating my own audience. Then there is lead gen with AI and calling them for high ticket sales, but I don't want to call people, but I guess I could make it so AI calls them maybe. But if I want to do lower ticket products then it needs to be more scalable and at the moment the only path I see is ads or content creation or using others who have an audience, but perhaps I am missing something. And all of those methods require ether money or huge time investment. Which is why I am stuck at the moment. But realistically it is just a mindset problem, since there is always a work around or just grab yourself together and do the work and stick to it or work a fixed rate job and make some money to acquire some capital to start. So I see paths, but I just don't particularly want to go any of those paths at the moment, except the work around path and find a different solution, that doesn't require that much time or money investment. But if I can't find the work around then I will have no other choice and I will pick one of those paths, but I am not ready to just take those paths just yet, till I haven't tried to find any other work arounds to get people buying my products.

What does your typical day look like from wake-up to bedtime? 

Well at the moment there isn't a single typical day and structure is a bit all over the place, since my structure used to revolve around school or work if it was consistent. But at the moment I don't go to school since I have praxis, but I don't go to it, since I don't need to and I don't get paid there and I don't learn much there either so I don't see the point. But okay a typical day where I have work is me trying to wake up at 9:00 but waking up a 11:00 since I don't have anything important planned I just don't see a point in waking up so I just sleep, that is what I think at the time of waking up, but I know I should wake up earlier so I would have more time, because sure sleep is good, but just because I sleep longer in the morning in turn makes me go to sleep later, so then what is the point of sleeping longer, but it's hard to convince my morning self, but I guess I just need to find a work around and plan some important task that I can't skip so I have no choice, but to wake up. Otherwise when I wake up I sometimes take a shower, then I eat breakfast, while watching a youtube video and then take my supplements and medicine like creatine and sulfasalazine for my arthritis and occasionally take electrolytes, c vitamin, b complex, ashwaganda, then sometimes I have some side quests in the morning like having to help my brother buy things at depo and he needs me to be the driver. Or sometimes I continue to watch youtube or some other entertainment till work. Or sometimes I do some work like learn AI and how I could use it to make money or some other thing I find meaningful and productive like watching my lectures for my fitness trainers license. Or sometimes I go to work earlier to get a workout in. Then I go to work at the gym and since it is basically just reception work I can do my other things while at work like learn AI and how I could use it to make money or some other thing I find meaningful and productive like watching my lectures for my fitness trainers license or podcasts like first things thirst, modern wisdom or blackbox show. Then after work I drive home eat something and watch more youtube and then some anime or film or maybe tv show before bed and of course brush my teeth before I watch and then after I watch I go to sleep. Now on days where I don't have work I either spend a whole day with my girlfriend or my friends or my family if I am at my countryside house. Or a portion of the day with my friends and then the rest is what I will talk about next which is when I am home and not around anyone. Then there are these things I do:
1. Eat while watching youtube
2. Youtube
3. Tiktok while on the toilet
4. Anime
5. TV shows
6. Films
7. Snapchat
8. Instagram
9. Watching my fitness trainer course
10. Doing things like this - alchemy of self
11. Learning through AI
12. Doing with AI 
13. Sometimes I go for a run in the morning
14. Explore outside
15. Play minecraft hypixel skyblock
16. Play Roblox
Now that I am writing this it all seems like a mess, but to me I like having options so I get to pick a certain thing/s I want to work on today, because when I don't have things to do I find myself wasting time on useless things, sure most of what I listed seems unproductive, but it is hard to put it into words, because it is not about how many things I do but how much time I spend on each thing. But yeah now that I am writing this it all seems like a mess and now wonder why I am not seeing any progress, but that is just at the moment, because I need to finish my trainers license and school and then I will start high school and then put a better structure in place. Because I need a constant to work around and since I have made it so my job is flexible it is not the constant but after high school I will make my job the constant. Because with the constant this schedule makes sense but without it, it seems like a mess.

What is your current relationship status, and how satisfied are you with your social life? 

So I have a girlfriend and close friends and I am satisfied with everything, except I do find that I am a bit distancing from my friend since they rarely talk about growing and getting better and stuff that interests me, but just about having fun and drinking which is fine and fun for a portion of my life too much of it I don't like. I like my girlfriends personality finally I found someone who aligns with my thinking and future I think, I like everything about her, there is not a single thing I can say I don't like about her, I like the constant of knowing her and what to expect in a way that is nice and maybe what I need a constant, since so many thing change and yeah, sure her looks are like a 7 but I'd rather have a seven than to deal with all that trouble of having a 10 or 9 that comes with. I don't want that headache, plus looks can always be improved. I have close friends, but I do feel a bit isolated sometimes, but I don't mind it I like being alone. Hard to say what is adding and what is draining my energy. I guess I would say that my work colleagues add energy to me. Close friends that I can talk about business add energy. My girlfriend - hard to say she does both adds and drains my energy. My friends - also add energy but at the same time drain it, because it is fun, but after them I feel I need rest and also with them, well that is my fault since I distanced myself from them, I find there isn't much common stuff anymore I can talk about with them. I guess just lately I do feel I have isolated myself and have forgot how to communicate with other people as well as I used to. But that is fine, it is all about focus and where my focus is self improvement and once I get to a certain point I will switch my focus, more on people maybe, who knows? we will see.

How do you feel about your current job or career? 

I love my job, since it is flexible and I don't need to do much so I can focus on my own things, while getting paid. But it does feel like it is undervaluing my potential and I feel like I could do more, but there is no point I still get paid the same, so I just do what needs to be done and a bit more and then focus on my own things. Because I am just getting paid to be here so there is somebody at the entrance and that is fine as my starter job, but eventually I will get a better job or have my own business, so at the moment I feel as though I am where I need to be. But it does kinda suck that there isn't much growth opportunity I can only grow to be a trainer or manager and sure I will become a trainer and if there is a free slot for manager I will apply and I did before, but I didn't get the role, but I am not surprised. But now I think I could get the role if it comes. But that is it I mean sure there is also marketing and bookkeeping slots and also the head of all Latvian MyFitness gyms, but I don't think that is where I want to be. So the most is a trainer or manager and then next is my own thing or different company - like in sales or business AI automation or marketing or business management director. There are many options, but at the moment I think I am in the right place. I guess I do feel fulfilled or somewhat in between, but I am not frustrated. I think my job aligns almost perfectly with values since here it is - positive, healthy, friendly people around here and the bring me up and motivate me to be better. And for my long-term goals this job is a stepping stone. For me to feel more satisfied I guess would be nice if they had like side tasks that I could complete that would bring me more pay, but I get that won't happen it is just business I get my job and other than that I don't think much needs to change for me to feel more satisfied, since I feel quite satisfied. 

What matters most to you right now in your life? 

I would like to say everything matters, but realistically the best way I could put it is tier my focus and where I am putting my focus at the moment:
1. Learning - this was the last one I added to my list, but I think it has to be number one, since I love learning new things and getting better and this could be in any of the categories as well and without learning where it is through youtube, podcasts, AI  or school or whatever I think it is a core part of me and I just want to learn everything and be good at all things that I find interesting. I never want to stop learning I just want to keep getting better and better in all aspects of life and improve every skill of mine. Or just know how to do something for the sake of knowing it. You never know when something could come in handy. And there are two ways to look at learning one is to understand how it works and one is knowing how to do something without needing to understand how it works. And for some things I want to understand how it works and for others I don't care all that matters that I got to the goal where I wanted to get.
2. Making money - trying to figure out how to make a business that makes me money, that can be scaled, rather than a fixed income, but that too I am doing, since the business at the moment isn't where I want it to be.
3. Health - going to the gym, eating healthy, sleeping, optimizing other health aspects.
4. My Girlfriend - spending time with my girlfriend and doing fun things together.
5. My Family - spending time with my family and helping them, but mostly my brother and helping him with renovation and being the driver.
6. Alone time - being alone is way that recharges me and let's me think and create my future vision.
7. Video Games and Social media - maybe this has to be higher on the list, but I don't want to put it higher, I love spending my time playing video games and getting better in the video game each day and seeing the progress and also just watching youtube and learning things and just seeing my favorite creators do fun things and experiments, or just putting some other entertainment so I can switch off my brain.
8. My Friends - having fun with my friends and connecting with them and talking about things that I enjoy and also they enjoy.

How have you been feeling about your life overall in recent months? 

I guess more so optimistic and exited not in the recent months but in the recent weeks, since I only now see how the skill barrier has been broken with AI and how I can utilize it to do just about anything it is just a matter of creating the vision and a my own creativity limit and a matter of doing. Last year was rough but this year seems to be going up, sure it is a bit rough with all the school work and stuff but I am not too worried, okay maybe a little. There does seem to be a lot on my plate and I am not use to having so much work and being behind, but I like it since there is always something I can do, rather than I just waste my time. So yeah as it is stressful, this is what I wished for and wanted, now I got it and I just have to go at it, but it does seem like writing this maybe a bit of a waste of my time, but at the same time I think it could, be useful to feed it to the AI and it will help me utilize it, since I don't believe that this alchemy of self AI is actually that good, but I may be wrong. Also recently I want to Malta, my first trip outside my country where I chose everything about the trip. So that was fun and a learning curve. But I really want to get to start creating my ideas, but I first think I should finish my trainer license projects and this alchemy of self and then start doing those, because these have a deadline and I feel like I am behind and am taking so much time on each task, but I want it to be perfect.


Chapter 3:
Your inspiration

Who are 3 people you deeply admire, respect, or aspire to be like? 

1. Mike Thurston - I admire, respect, and aspire to be like him, but just in my own way with having many businesses and a great physique and a great team with also teaching others with his podcast and youtube.
2. Chris Heria - I also admire, respect, and aspire to be like him, but just in my own way with having many businesses and a great physique and learning such great calisthenics skills and inspiring others.
3. My dad - I also admire, respect him, but don't necessarily want to be just like him, I want to take aspects from him like such as these thing I like that he does - hard working, achieves his goals, is a diplomatic person and some other things, but I don't want his life with being under my moms shoe and doing everything she says, that to me isn't the dynamic I want, but it works for them.

What specific traits, behaviours, qualities, or achievements make you admire these people? 

I admire Mike Thurston, because of the life he has and the physique he has and that is because I understand what it takes to get to where he is. He got his trainers license and worked as a trainer for 3 years and also trained himself to build his physique and then transitioned into youtube and built his audience then made businesses of that audience like personal training and also built his thirst app, made his swim shorts and then turned it into a clothing brand. Made a course to be a creator and also started a podcast and spoke with many smart and successful people and the podcast also helped his businesses and maybe he has done some other stuff, but either way I want to also take a similar path, but in my own way, not sure yet how similar, but either way he is a big inspiration of mine.
I admire Chris Heria, because he has done calisthenics and youtube also for a very long time, not sure how long but more than 10 years and he inspired me to learn the muscle up and get better at calisthenics and many other people, he also has many of his own businesses like he sells bands, weighted wests and also has two of his own apps, hosts calisthenics tournaments and does many other inspiring things.
I admire my dad, because he is the handy man of the house and the bread winner, he always fixes anything that is broken or needs fixing and he makes the money for the whole family and spends it all on us and his projects in our countryside house and also we have went to many trips outside our country which were fun. Never complains, always talks his way in to a solution and somehow has never once gotten mad, well I haven't seen him mad or angry at least, while my mother has highered her voice many times.

Who are three people you dislike, judge, or find yourself criticising? 

1. Roberts
I can't think of any one else, because I don't dislike people, I just don't see the point I'd rather look up to people and get better and learn from people better than me, rather than spend my time and energy disliking some other people, that just seems like a waste of energy and potential, but I guess I will add some people so I can complete this exercise.
2. Joe Biden
3. People, who complain about certain things the want and don't have and when they get told the answer they just keep finding reasons to just not do the thing.

What specific traits, behaviors, or qualities do you dislike about these people? 

1. He always owes me money and is always in some debt and doesn't know how to be a bit more frugal and rather than just being cheaper he asks for money and works more, I just don't think that is a way to live. And he is just digging himself a hole, but whatever it is not my life so he can do what he wants.
2. I think that he didn't deserve to be president, he just wasn't functioning well enough, but I get it he was just a puppet, so whatever.
3. Those people just annoy me then why do you complain if you don't want to do the stuff that is needed to get it, rather you just complain, I get not knowing how, but if you get told how and keep finding reasons on why you can't or don't want to do it. I just find it aggravating like then don't complain if you don't want to do the work that is required to get the thing and accept that you won't get it and just say I don't want to do the work, that is why I don't have that certain thing.


Chapter 4:
Dream life

What are your 3 most important goals and when do you want to achieve them? 

Complete my trainers license C category and become a fitness trainer with a deadline of the end of October.
Complete my technical school and start high school in the business sphere with a deadline of end of July I should have applied to high school.
Figure out what business I want to do and start making money with it. This needs a bit more context, so I plan to create an AI automated system that creates things like digital products or music, or dropshipping or etsy stores, or games, or apps, or websites and so on the possibilities are endless. And with the system I need to create it with a memory part that stores all the info so it does need to research it again, a research part, that researches the market on what it wants, then the products that are working and maybe some other things and then it adds the research to the memory part and communicates with the other AI agents that create the product, the  AI agent team that creates the products and makes them better with the research they get from the research team, then I would create a marketing team that creates and posts videos, blog posts and more, a sales team that calls people with the help of AI, a financial sector that allocates the budget on where to spend more and where less on each product, marketing campaign, an AI agent than manages all the agents to keep working and all this could be created with API keys and then I could add a UI to make it a game and more fun for me to upgrade. And much more the possibilities seem endless, but that is just an idea, who knows if it will work. But the plan is to get creating the thing as soon as possible and have the memory and research and product creation team in place by the end of summer aka august 31st.

Add 3 photos of your dream home. 

To be fair I don't necessary care too much about creating the dream on where I will live since I that to me seems like wasted energy thinking about something that isn't about creating that dream and I already live in my dream home kind of, but I just want it to be my own rather than my parents and I want to design it myself on how I want it, so I just picked a random apartment that I like in my neighbourhood. Since I like where I live, I just want it to be my own and the way I like it, but I know I want an apartment rather then a house that is more my vibe, since I am used to everything being so close and I like the aesthetic. All that matters to me that is the people around are friendly and the vibe just hits right. I want to wake up and see a view that makes me motivated to wake up and get outside.

Add 3 photos of your dream car 

I drive my volvo v70 and I love it and I don't really care to upgrade, but I guess if I wanted to upgrade I would pick a porsche since I like the aethetic of it and the overall vibe of the car and the specs are good too, its comfortable I would like to think, and reliable I hope and I might add my own custom sound system since I love sound quality and bass since I already have a subwoofer in my car I would love to have it in the porsche too. I don't think the car itself has much saying in what it says about me, since I don't think you can judge a person by the materialistic thing they have, you can judge a part of him, but you can't create the entire picture, so I don't think it says that much, but I like the car.

Paint a picture of your dream business life. 

I am making myself money and giving me the freedom to do whatever I desire and hopefully making the other peoples lives better that are paying my business and overall making a positive impact on the world. Hard to say what a perfect day might look like, but I would think I would be in a role of making improvements for the business and driving the vision on where the business could improve. Success is having the freedom to go work out any time I want and having positive people around me that make me want to be better and be more, while enjoying myself with hobbies that I can get better at. The role for me is just constantly getting better, because in progress is where the fun is, not the destination, but in the process itself.

What does financial freedom look like to you? 

That I spend only about 20% of my income and the rest is invested, that would give me the freedom to not worry about money for the future, but hard to say in numbers how much that would be, since with more money comes lifestyle inflation, but I just want to get to a point where I only spend 20% and when I make more the percentage doesn't change since can spend more or it drops since I don't even want to spend more and with age the percentage would increase of course, but as a starting point I want to get to that, where I can live comfortably with 20% of my income. And the rest goes into investments, high interest savings accounts, pension. Money doesn't enable me to do more things, but just amplifies the things that I am already doing.

What does your dream family and relationship look like? Add 3 photos of your dream family aesthetic. 

I envision my family to be happy and fun, doing fun physical activities like gym, tennis and trampoline. Always wanting to be better for each other and helping each other, being positive. I guess I would be married and the partner/wife would be supportive and help me with stuff so I can focus on more important things to create the life for our family and that she encourages me to work, but also have fun and enjoy ourselves. I would have children, but I don't care about the specifics all I care about is that everybody is independent, but also collaborative. The values would be getting better each day, being physically active, seeing the good always even when it may not be as good, but still being realistic, because being optimistic is a good quality to have, since you attract what you are and you are what you think. I guess I just want every one to be supportive and want to be better, not saying they aren't already good, but with the mindset of always wanting to be better, because it's fun, nobody can stand in your way since they might be doing it because they want something, but we are doing it because we like it and it's fun and we want to be better for each other, but in like a competitive, but also cooperative mindset.

Add 3 photos of your dream travel experiences 

So these are places I have already been to like Malta, Turkey, Prauge - Czech republic. So I am already living the dream, these were my favorite places to go to because it is warm there and the culture is great and overall just fun to travel. I guess if I have to talk about places where I want to go that would be Spain, Dubai, Greece. Since they are warm and I will go to them at some point, but at the moment I just recently traveled to Malta and now I won't be traveling for some time, the time is now to work and lock in. When traveling I just love to relax in the sun with cocktails and swim and use the spa and just vibe, explore and see what the place has around.

Add 3 photos showing your dream fashion style. 

It is already what I wear I love the fashion that I wear. It just needs to be comfortable, clean, minimalistic and good looking. The most important part is that I like it and it fits my aesthetic and depending on the place I go is what I wear and my outfits are quite universal. I do love white, it just looks so good and it stands out with all the other people wearing black I wear white, I mean black is nice too and I do wear it, but there is something about the white and also I love colors, sure you can't see it in these photos, but I love color outfits too, they just have to compliment each other, I love pink and blue colors as well. I think many clothes just look good on me, that is what the gym does and sculpting the body I want creates. My body is the fashion, the clothes just amplify it.

What does your perfect day look like from morning to night? 

Okay I wake up at 8:00, then brush my teeth and I go for a walk with my gym bag straight to the gym and work out then take a shower and do a 5-15min sauna session. Then I walk back home and be home by 10:30 do a skin care routine, make breakfast and eat and then get straight to work. Work on my business till 15:00 or 16:00 and then go play some tennis for an hour and then chill at a spa and swim and get a massage and then get back home by 20:00 and then spend the rest of the evening home with my girlfriend or wife and children doing whatever. That could be watching films or shows or playing board games or video games or just talking or maybe reading a book, maybe go for a late night walk. That sounds like the dream for me and I am half way there. And go to sleep at around 23:00 or latest 00:00. It sound simple and it is and that is all I want. But this is just a day to day example, there would be period of different times and spending time with friends and traveling and other stuff.

Add 3 photos of your dream fitness level. 

I already have my dream fitness level. It is just a matter of maintaining and getting better still. And learning more advanced calisthenics skills and getting stronger. And if I start to get worse at a part of my body I will just adjust and sculpture it the way I want my body to look. The most important things are getting enough sleep, eating healthy, and staying active.

Add 3 photos representing your dream network/social life. 

This is also already my life, but these photos represent a bit of what I want a bit more of that is board games, close friendships like brotherhood, and bigger gatherings, where I can speak to many different people and learn more and ask for advice on things. This is the dream, but I guess I do need a bit more business contacts and gatherings. Since I love business, but I believe I will attract it eventually.

Add photos of activities and hobbies you want to enjoy. 

So one is for sure gym since that is the backbone of fitness and the body I have. And building muscle is one of the most important things that improves longevity. Tennis or volleyball would be the cardio aspect of it, but at the moment I am terrible at tennis, but in my dream life later I will focus on it more. Board games for the mind to make me think and that would hit all aspects of me getting better and having fun. Board games like chess are more fun for me rather than checkers since you need to think more and there are more possibilities and that is what makes it fun.

What would you regret most if you looked back 1 year from now and hadn't accomplished it? 

This to me is a dumb question, because I will accomplish what I say, because my word is everything, what I say I will do and if I won't do something then I don't make myself that promise. Because if I can't do what I say that how can I even trust myself to the things I want to do and be who I say I am. So I will finish school and get my trainers license if I didn't do those I guess I would kinda regret it but I can always do it again, but I would want to do it again. And I don't think I can say that I would regret not starting the business I will start, but the question is when and 1 year just might not be the timeframe for the business I think in a 10 year timeframe, yeah if I didn't do it in 10 years then yeah I would regret that, but one year is just not enough time to say. Since things change and it might be a different thing later, but who knows, either way I will do it no matter what I won't give up on my dreams. That is one thing that I will never let go, no matter what. If I did that then I would regret that for sure.

What would you regret most if you looked back 5 years from now and hadn't accomplished it? 

Yeah this timeframe is where I would put the business and if I didn't start it I would regret that 5 years time is a timeframe where I see myself having a business. Or just having started one. Since I can still learn, by working in the places that will give me valuable skills and where I think it is a short cut joining a company rather trying to figure it out on my own.


Chapter 5:
Future Self

Describe the version of yourself who has already achieved everything you want. 

A version of me who has everything I want: Is structured, organized, has systems in place, so if I steer away from my goal building tasks, my structure, would quite quickly make me get back to work, without even realizing it and I would just be doing what I enjoy and love and it would make me money indirectly as a business, which isn't linked to my time. So I would have one business as a main one that makes most of my money, most likely a service based business as my main, but on the side I would have an ecommerce business as well, the goal of this business wouldn't be to maximize profit but more so as brand building and physical products I could show of and say this is one of my businesses, since ecommerce needs more of a capital this would be a later business to do. Also future me would have finished RTK technical school and got his trainers license C category and worked as a trainer for a few years and also finished the future school I haven't started yet which is Riga Business School. Maybe he actively posts on social media to build his personal brand (this I haven't made my mind yet if I want this, but most likely). And this social media audience funnels his businesses and also with paid ads and a sales team. The businesses and what they sell, I haven't made my mind yet on what that could be, but I have a lot of ideas and just need to try and keep trying and see which one the market wants most. So on a daily basis future me trains consistently "somewhat" with resistance training and also with some cardio training, but not in an optimized way like the strength/hypertrophy training, but more so in a fun way like volleyball or tennis or running or bike riding or just walking, maybe some other sport like boxing or hiit trainings, it just depends on what the season is and what I plan to improve or just want to do for fun. So technically it is optimized, getting a wide range of trainings. My time would be a bit more structured then it is now and I would have AI agents working for me as personal assistants and also a real personal assistant ideally (but this one I am also not fully sure about). I would be living on my own with my girlfriend in an apartment I would likely have kids, but also not sure on how far in to the future I should be talking about me, since for each period is a different version of me so this is just a general idea, with all timelines mixed. I would also have automatic investments that grow my investment portfolio and there isn't a specific number I want to get to in money, but just so ideally I would get to a point where I only spend 20% off my income the rest of the 80% of my income is invested into my investments, pension plans and emergency funds with a fixed high yield savings account giving me extra money for the money just sitting there. Of course the 20% is just an approximate and with age and getting older I would need to start to increase the money I would spend and the percentage would start to go the other direction and I would need at some point start taking out money from my investments mathematically speaking, but who knows maybe I don't even want to spend that much money and just keep the safety pillow of money since sometimes life can give you unexpected expenses. I would also still be getting better with courses like vadītāju skola or from other business or life courses. I don't want to stop improving and fall into the social media and laziness trap, since I have been there and I do enjoy it from a certain point of view, but from another I feel so unproductive and always tired, without having improved much, only just spent time for immediate dopamine fun. And with increasing my dopamine baseline the rest of life and productive things, feel less fun. And sure social media is fun and useful, but with moderation, since too much of it is a massive time sink. The future me could technically be able to do anything I want, but also I would have obligations and thing I have to do, since just free roaming is fun but in the long term, not productive, so of course my children would be an obligation and being a good father. Obligation isn't a bad thing it is just something bigger that gives me a sense of purpose and guides me, where as motivation is a wave length and isn't as consistent, same goes for discipline in a way it should be something you discipline your self to do, it should just be a thing that you do, because you enjoy it and it gives you a sense of joy and for me seeing progress is one thing that gives me a sense of joy. I would be a better leader, but in my own way. Since a leader doesn't mean good at telling people what to do, but rather showing a real and authentic version of yourself that others follow and the others create for you autonomically, without needing my approval. And they would just tell me what they have done or are doing if I am interested in it. But otherwise the businesses would have separate leader leading the team or teams and they work themselfs.

What specific skills, knowledge, and qualities does this future self have that you currently lack or need to develop? 

Leadership is one skill I currently lack, not saying I am a bad leader, I actually think I would be a good leader, but it is just one aspect that I think needs improvement. Also confidence with larger audiences or camera talking are some things that I am not so good at and a bit scared to do. Business management, bookkeeping is something that I don't know very well how to do since I don't have much practical experience there. I need to do more learning about AI agents and combining AI with code and programming, to be better at automating things and creating systems that work for me. Real world business experience is also something I greatly lack. Video creating and editing is also something that needs improving. Sales experience is also practically zero with cold calling or in person person sales. Emotionally more resistant or maybe not resistant, but Mental Toughness improvement in all four pillars - Tolerance: The amount of hardship and stress you can endure before breaking down. Resilience: Your ability to bounce back after life throws a setback or "resistance" your way. Grit: The ability to endure hardships for a prolonged period of time. Perspective: Reframing negative experiences and criticism into fuel and learning opportunities. So my weakest at the moment is resilience, since it takes me quite a bit of time to bounce back, to give an example this is more about diet and discipline with my eating not a perfect example, but one that kind of consistently comes back once in a while is over eating sugar, since I love eating and I don't think that is that big of a problem, but it does tank my energy level consistency with overeating sugar I keep spiking my insulin and have waves of energy and drops which aren't productive when trying to focus and negatively impact my body. But it is usually for a week or two and then I go back to normal so it doesn't affect me as much, but if optimizing health that isn't most optimal, sure it is fun and I don't think eliminating sugar completely is a good idea it is something I have to work on. I guess also cardio training consistency could be better, since I am quite consistent with resistance training, but cardio is usually once in a while or just an increase in summer. But since mitochondria die in about 1-2 weeks it isn't optimal for my energy levels and since I don't train cardio as often I have less energy. And if I want to do all the things I plan energy levels are very important for being productive. Networking is also something that needs improvement, since I always procrastinate, before approaching someone and overthink. I mean all these skill I will improve with time and exposure and experience. But it is important to know which skill is weakest or perhaps not weakest, but will give the biggest ROI if improved. And I am working on most of these skills in a way, but maybe I should hyper focus some high ROI skills. But at the moment that isn't my goal, first I need to finish some things I have started and then I will have more free time to do other things, because trying to do too many things at once is just not productive and I tried it. It is just your focus is all over the place and you spend so much time task switching, since I think multi tasking doesn't exist, all you are doing is task switching. To elaborate - you start doing one thing, then get so good at that thing it doesn't require your brain to actively think and you start using your brain at a level where it doesn't require active thinking and you just do the task and put it in a background mode using less thinking power to put it in simple terms, so more thinking power is unlocked and you can start doing another task and then you can put that task in the background and again and again. On the surface this sound perfect and very productive doing many things at once. But with the caveat of each background task you are doing it consumes extra brain power and doing too much of it takes away from the main active task in turn making you less productive. Mathematically speaking for me it would be more effective to do 3 task separately rather then doing them all at once. Since if you calculate the time it takes you to finish one task on its own and then the next and then next task with hyperfocusing on each task in total it takes less time then if you tried to do them all at once, but also subjective and depends on what kind of tasks. Also of course physically I want to keep improving. But overall I could keep going on what skills need improving, but in the grand scheme of things at the moment I want to improve my money/business skills. Since the health and fitness and looking good skills I have mostly learned. But since money is a huge tool that helps me fast track learning I need to learn the money formula that works for me and I have a general understanding on how to accumulate more money I just need to put in more practice and get better at the money making game.

What daily habits and routines does this future self maintain consistently? 

I will talk about the things that I do already and the things I will or might do in the future to reach where want to be, to get a full picture on the future self I see myself becoming.
So habits that my ideal future self does:
1. Muscle Training - strength/hypertrophy with calisthenics training. (2-5 times a week)
2. Cardio Training - aerobic zone 2 and anaerobic hiit trainings would be ideal, but realistically cardio for me would be just fun activities like volleyball or tennis or walking or riding a bike and sometimes running. (3-6 times a week)
3. Work/money making activities - working on my businesses to create visions for improving the business team systems, client systems or anything that could improve the business in any kind of way from a point of the bigger picture, rather than the nitty gritty small tasks, but that too sometimes. Ideally the business should improve without me and my involvement, but I just find it fun to keep improving and even if I know as the business owner I shouldn't need to be involved I just need to create the business or buy and improve the business so it works on its own. And then money making is automatic and I can focus more on my hobbies and that is the goal, but still if I want I will try and improve the business, not because I need to, but because I find it fun. (everyday or use periodical sprints or 5 times a week or whatever I find is best and fits me)
4. Learning - never stop learning. always try to improve 1% everyday in the long term it compounds, whether it is paid courses, academic school (though I find the academic, may be less useful as you get better, but as a start I think I want to experience it for myself and see if it is worth it), reading books, watching youtube, learning from AI, learning from other people and all of the above. (everyday or periodically)
5. Investing - consistently investing whether its monthly, yearly or weekly or daily it doesn't matter, all that matters is the habit at the moment I invest monthly, but that might change might not who knows all that matter is that I don't stop and let time work for me and make me money with compounding interest. But ideally I need to invest into 3 buckets - Investments, pension plans, emergency fund (high yield savings account). This is the future money habit, that helps me keep my money and let the spending and keeping gap grow for keeping as much as possible. Because you can make a lot of money, but if your spending all of it then your not wealthy, you might be living rich, but not actually getting richer.
6. Spending time with people - whether it's family or close friends, or business partners, it is important to nourish and spend time with people who lift you up, because they can help improve your knowledge, mood, health and just so many things. So can't forget that humans are social creatures and we need to be around other people. And for me I can't forget this habit, since it could be quite possible for me to get sucked into improving my life, but forgetting, that life solo, could be quite lonely.
7. Nutrition - food is fuel and we are what we eat, so if I eat junk I will feel like junk if I eat a healthy balanced diet, then I will feel healthy and energized. Optimizing nutrition with food, supplements is just a no brainer high ROI activity.
8. Sleep - getting enough sleep is mandatory if we want to have more energy and be able function with the maximal cognitive function and think clearly and not make bad decisions that might cost me a lot of money or decrease my life span or whatever.
9. Getting enough Sunlight - since sunlight improves so many things for my health, looks and mood, this is a needed habit. But can't forget that sunlight also causes damage for the skin if you don't use UV light protection SPF.
10. Hygiene/Looks - oral care, skincare (1. Cleanser (The Degreaser) 2. Moisturizer (The Barrier Repair) 3. SPF (The Shield) 4. Retinol (The Optimizer) and washing your body), hair (body, facial and on your head hair) trimming/styling and washing (shampoo, conditioner), smelling good (good fragrance selection, deodorant (either deodorant for smelling good or antiperspirant for blocking sweat glands)), Good quality clothes. All these things are nice to do, because in this world you are judged by your looks and looking good, smelling good and having healthy, good looking teeth, hair, skin are all things that are not just helping you feel confident and are perceived better by other humans, you also are more healthy and live longer.
11. Travel - by traveling you can learn so much and expand your understanding of the world and also enjoy live in other countries and see how others live and what you maybe also want to do or not do the things other cultures do. You get inspired, seeing other successful people when traveling or perhaps be more grateful for the live that you have, seeing how terrible others live.

What bad habits, patterns, or behaviours has this future self eliminated that you currently struggle with? 

Social media over usage or viewpoint on social media - the future me has found a better way to get around the social media algorithm that sucks me in and is hard to get out of and is a massive time sink or changed the viewpoint to not view social media as entertainment, rather as learning, but there is a thin line on that since there is a lot of educational content that I watch, but isn't actually improving my knowledge or understanding, it is just a form of entertainment, where as it might feel useful to watch that video if you look in to the future or rather the past I have watched so many videos and what do I remember - maybe 5%-10% of all the content I have watched, sure if I watched it again I would remember it, but to recall a certain video and tell what happened in it and what you learned is practically impossible if it isn't a video you haven't recently watched and sure maybe some video stick for longer in my memory, but most don't. And even worse is short form content, since I maybe only remember 1% of the content I watch there or maybe even less. Where as podcasts i do find useful sure you also don't remember most of it, but the topics go so in depth, that I learn some things I never would have learned otherwise, books go even more in depth. But still all of these can be a source of entertainment even books, not saying there is something wrong with that, but if I want to be more successful, I have to eliminate as much time as I can on distractions for a period of time it doesn't have to be for ever, but time needs to come from somewhere and cutting social media time is one of the easiest ways to acquire time.
Laziness periods - social media also contribute to this, but I have periods where I just feel like being lazy and watching social media, tv shows, films, anime, playing video games or whatever. And this by itself isn't terrible, but with consistently spending time in my bed or chair, my mitochondria die due to inactivity and with me being lazy I become more lazy and with being more active I have more energy and that is a bit annoying, but it makes sense. So I have to be careful with not stagnating too long, it will compound downward.
Consistent sleep time - going to sleep and waking up always at a constant time is proven to improve the quality of my sleep, but I usually fluctuate too much and that hurts my sleep.
Watching my phone on the toilet - this habit makes me sit on the toilet and watch tiktok in turn total time on the toilet can sometimes be 30min which is just not optimal. Optimal would be max 10min but ideally 1-5min.
Snacking too much - I love food and I tend to snack a lot, which in turn makes me over eat sugar. But I don't consider this a massive problem since it is only an occasional thing and in the long term has a minimal effect.
Spending too much time with the wrong people - this has a big effect on me, since you take many habits from the 5 people who you spend time with the most with out realizing and I need to spend more time with people who lift me up rather drag me down.

How does this future self present themselves? 

I already do all these things but sure I will list them out:
Dress accordingly with high quality clothes.
But one thing on speaking I don't do is I think to much before approaching somebody I don't know, so future me speaks with confidence approaching others who he just met for the first time.
Energy is positive and openminded, but also confident on the stuff I talk about, that I know, but no too rigid thinking and stuck in his own thinking, but also not too malleable and has his own opinions on things. And creates plans and invites others (this I could do more often). Overall easy to speak to and fun to be around, but also with boundaries and principles, that don't let others step on me.

What are this future self's defining character traits? How would others describe their personality and approach to life? 

Self-discipline, integrity, resourcefulness, confidence, growth mindset

If people were talking about this future you at a coffee shop, what would they say? 

People already admire me and talk things about me how good looking I am, intelligent, hard working, smart, strong. And I don't necessary care too much about what others thing, sure it strokes my ego and I love when people talk about me, but when doing things all I care about is me vs me (yesterday/past me). So I don't really want to imagine what people would talk about me in the future, I already like what people say about me and that is enough, sure I will improve, but not for the sake of being more admire, but for my own sake.


Chapter 6:
The Gap

Looking at the people you admire versus the people you judge, can you see how your current identity might conflict with what you need to become to achieve your dreams?

I admire people like Mike Thurston - business, fitness (bodybuilding), funny, aesthetic, Chris Heria - fitness (calisthenics), business, community, cool, functional, strong, Iman Gadzi - business, fitness, functional, marathons, inspiring, technical.
I usually don't judge many people, but if I had to say then it would be the ones, who live of off people loaning them money and don't return the money, people who say I want that or that, but aren't willing to put in the work to get that thing, then just say that you want it, but not that much, that you would be willing to put in the work.
I don't see much conflict with who I will become and the people who I admire and judge. I think it aligns perfectly with who I want to become.

What specific fears, doubts, and limiting beliefs are holding you back from becoming the person you admire and dream of being? 

Nothing is stopping me I will become that person, but it just takes time, effort and being patient. In time all the things I dream of I will make happen a reality. Before I didn't know what to do I was a bit clueless, but now I know what i need to do I just need to put in the work.

What current commitments, responsibilities, or comfort zones keep you stuck in your current identity instead of transforming into your future self? 

Social media time management, certain friends who hold me back and don't lift me up or motivate/inspire me to do more. Comfort, also a bit my girlfriend is slightly holding me, back, but I will figure out a way to work around it, since I just enjoy spending time with her, but it isn't building me up. Maybe staying with my parents could, be holding me back, but at the same time, I don't think so, since I save more time and money living with them. But who knows, maybe if I move out I could be more productive somehow.

What's the single biggest thing that must change for you to bridge the gap between who you are now and your future self? 

Doing the right things without getting distracted on the wrong things